==== Pytest Results ====

backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_topic_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_three -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_author -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[Lew] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[ ] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_whitespace_fields -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[HBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[NonHBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars_in_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_exception -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_empty_query -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_no_matches -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_empty_query -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_no_matches -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_success -> skipped
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_success -> skipped
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_empty_query -> skipped
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_no_matches -> skipped
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_no_subfields -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_sat_scores_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institution_medical_expenses -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_combine_graphs -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_is_hbcu_true -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_is_hbcu_false -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_404 -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_notfound -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_success -> failed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_author_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_institution_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_topic_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_index_serves_html -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_static_file_serving -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_404_error_handler -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_500_error_handler -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_autofill_topics_with_subfields -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_default_graph_success -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_execute_query_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_setup_logger_returns_handlers -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_backend_init_import -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_combine_graphs -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_index_route -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_static_file_route -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_404_handler_full -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_500_handler_full -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_institutions_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_autofill_institutions -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_autofill_topics_subfields -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_default_graph_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_topic_space_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_search_topic_space_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_geo_info_endpoint_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_geo_info_endpoint_404 -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_get_mup_id_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_mup_sat_scores_endpoint_notfound -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_institution_medical_expenses_endpoint_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_initial_search_fallback_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_serve_route_static_file_coverage -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAppCoverage::test_serve_route_index_fallback_coverage -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_404_not_found -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_500_internal_server_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_env_var_loading -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_index_route_root -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_index_route_subpath -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_execute_query_success_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_execute_query_failure_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_success_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_failure_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_query_sparql_success_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_query_sparql_failure_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_autofill_topics_success -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_combine_graphs_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_backend_init_import_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_pytest_hook_report_header -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_researcher_result_fetch_last -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_default_graph_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql_missing -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_medical_expenses_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_num_of_researches_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_db_configuration -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_author_institution_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_result -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_author_topic_no_result -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_institution_no_result -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_author_no_result -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_keywords_csv_read -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_geo_info_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_researcher_and_topic_results -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_and_topic_results -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_researcher_and_institution_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_researcher_subfield_results -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_subfield_results_success_variant -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_researcher_subfield_results_multiple -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_researcher_and_institution_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_topic -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_institution_topic_work_count -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_researcher_institution_graph -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql_extra -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_researcher_topic_citation_count -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_researcher_topic_graph_nodes -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_list_given_researcher_topic_extra_metadata -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_query_SQL_endpoint_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_autofill_topics_filter -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_create_connection_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_mup_id_no_inst -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_sat_scores_not_found -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_medical_expenses_no_mup -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name[/mup-sat-scores] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name[/endowments-and-givings] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name[/mup-faculty-awards] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name[/mup-r-and-d] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_serve_route_static_file_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_all.py::TestAll::test_serve_route_index_fallback_all -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_env_variables -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_id_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_institution_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_search_by_author_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_keywords_csv_read -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_geo_info_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_researcher_result_with_last -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_researcher_result_without_last -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_subfield_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_and_subfield_results_fallback -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_and_subfield_results -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_and_researcher_results_fallback -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_researcher_subfield_results_fallback -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_researcher_subfield_results -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_researcher_and_institution_metadata_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_topic -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_institution_topic_work_count -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_researcher_institution_graph -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_researcher_topic_citation_count -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_researcher_topic_graph_nodes -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_list_given_researcher_topic_extra_metadata -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_query_SQL_endpoint_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_create_connection_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_mup_id_no_inst -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_sat_scores_not_found -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_medical_expenses_no_mup -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_unit_extra.py::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_handles_http_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[Success] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[NotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[ServerError] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_responses_multiple -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_malformed_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_non_numeric -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_non_200 -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_metadata_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_malformed_response -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_empty_bindings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_json_decode_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[InfoLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[WarningLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[WarningCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[InfoCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_setup_logger_has_all_handlers -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed

==== Pytest Exit Status ====
Exit Code: 1
