==== Pytest Results ====

backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_topic_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_three -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_author -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[Lew] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[ ] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_whitespace_fields -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[HBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[NonHBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars_in_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_exception -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_empty_query -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_no_matches -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_empty_query -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_no_matches -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_empty_query -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_no_matches -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_error -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_author_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_institution_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_topic_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_handles_http_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[Success] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[NotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[ServerError] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_responses_multiple -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_malformed_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_malformed_response -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_empty_bindings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_json_decode_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[InfoLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[WarningLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[WarningCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[InfoCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_setup_logger_has_all_handlers -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed

==== Pytest Exit Status ====
Exit Code: 0
