==== Pytest Results ====

backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_create_connection_success[ConnOpen] -> failed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_create_connection_success[ConnClosed] -> failed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_create_connection_fail -> failed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_is_HBCU[HBCU_True] -> failed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_is_HBCU[HBCU_False_Zero] -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_is_HBCU[HBCU_NoResult] -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_execute_query_success -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_execute_query_failure -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_author_ids_found -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_author_ids_not_found -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_institution_id_found -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_institution_id_empty_dict -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_no_results_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_valid_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_no_results_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/data_tests/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_2.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_valid_data_tests -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_logger_setup[InfoLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_logger_setup[WarningLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_flask_app_logging[WarningCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_flask_app_logging[InfoCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_setup_logger_has_all_handlers -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_only -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_only -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_topic_only -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_all_three -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_author -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[Lew] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[ ] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_whitespace_fields -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[HBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[NonHBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_special_chars_in_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_fetch_institutions_handles_http_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_fetch_institutions_responses_multiple -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_initial_search_exception -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_no_results_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_valid_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_no_results_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_valid_unit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_endpoints_unique_basename_for_pytest_1.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed

==== Pytest Exit Status ====
Exit Code: 1
