==== Pytest Results ====

backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_topic_only -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_three -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_author -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[Lew] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[ ] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_whitespace_fields -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[HBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_hbcu_check[NonHBCU] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars_in_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_exception -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_empty_query -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_no_matches -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_empty_query -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_no_matches -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_success -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_empty_query -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_no_matches -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_no_subfields -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_sat_scores_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institution_medical_expenses -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_combine_graphs -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_is_hbcu_true -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_is_hbcu_false -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_404 -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_notfound -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_no_data -> failed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_result_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_institution_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_success -> failed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_author_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_institution_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_topic_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_404_not_found -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_500_internal_server_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_env_var_loading[env_values0] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_env_var_loading[env_values1] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_index_route_root -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_index_route_subpath -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_researcher_result_no_orcid_no_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_researcher_result_orcid_present -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_institution_results_pagination -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_subfield_results_db_and_sparql_empty -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_fetch_institutions_malformed_id_raises -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_fetch_institutions_non_numeric -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_non_200 -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_autofill_topics_reads_subfields_csv -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_autofill_topics_reads_keywords_csv -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_subfield_metadata -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_execute_query_db_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_env_var_loading_fallback -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_fetch_institutions_non_numeric_raises -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_fetch_institutions_500_status -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_env_vars_missing_load_dotenv -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_execute_query_db_exception -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_custom_500_error_route -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_404_serves_index_html -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_researcher_result_no_institution_no_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_get_researcher_result_no_db_no_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_openalex_500_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_malformed_openalex_id -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_endpoint_missing_parameters -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_autofill_topics_empty_query -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_endpoint_conditional_response -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_db_transaction_failure -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_protected_route_without_auth -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_protected_route_with_auth -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_complex_logic_branch -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_internal_server_error_handler -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_environment_loading_fallback -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_execute_query_exception -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_404_handler_returns_index -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_pagination_logic -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_no_results_from_db_and_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_autofill_topics_csv -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_openalex_unexpected_structure -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_environment_loading_missing_vars -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_execute_query_sql_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_missing_json_fields -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_empty_db_response -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_empty_sparql_response -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_sparql_exception_handling -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_missing_keys_handling -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_specific_conditional_branch -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_internal_server_error_explicit -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_db_connection_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_initial_search_missing_required_fields -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_custom_500_error_handler -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_missing_internal_function_handling -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_execute_query_returns_none -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_app_extras.py::test_autofill_topics_csv_explicitly -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_handles_http_error -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[Success] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[NotFound] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_status_codes[ServerError] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_responses_multiple -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_malformed_id -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_author_metadata_sparql_valid -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_metadata_sparql -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_malformed_response -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_empty_bindings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_json_decode_error -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[InfoLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_logger_setup[WarningLog] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[WarningCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_flask_app_logging[InfoCase] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_setup_logger_has_all_handlers -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_null_values -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllEmptyStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_empty_or_whitespace[AllSpaces] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgOnly] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[ResearcherOnly] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_partially_null[OrgType] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[AllNumbers] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_invalid_types[MixedTypes] -> failed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_extremely_long_strings -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_no_payload -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_special_chars -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_unknown_type -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_numeric_topic -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[CompletelyEmpty] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[AllBlankStrings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_initial_search_all_fields_invalid[UnusedKey] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_param[InstitutionNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_param[TopicNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_no_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_author_ids -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_no_institution_id -> passed

==== Pytest Exit Status ====
Exit Code: 1
