==== Pytest Results ====

backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_institution_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_valid_author_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_all_three -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_nonexistent_institution -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[Lew] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_partial_author[ ] -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_orcid -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_initial_search_special_chars_in_topic -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institutions_file_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_institutions_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_autofill_topics_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_topic_space_default_graph_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_search_topic_space_error -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_sat_scores_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_geo_info_404 -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_mup_id_missing_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_endowments_and_givings_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_num_of_researches_missing_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_medical_expenses_missing_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_missing_payload -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_faculty_awards_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_mup_r_and_d_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_get_institution_medical_expenses -> passed
backend/tests/api/test_endpoints.py::test_combine_graphs_extra -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_param[AuthorNotFound] -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_topic_success -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_search_by_author_institution_no_institution_id -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_institution_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/integration/test_search_workflows.py::test_topic_search_result_schema -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_institutions_non_numeric -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_fetch_last_known_institutions_non_200 -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_researcher_result_fetch_last -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_geo_info_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_query_SPARQL_endpoint_failure -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::TestMetadataFunctions::test_get_researcher_and_institution_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_metadata_sparql_institution_empty -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_and_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql_all_empty -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_num_of_researches_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_get_institution_sat_scores_not_found -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::TestCombineWhenMetadataIsMissing::test_get_topic_and_researcher_metadata_sparql_missing -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name_again[/mup-sat-scores] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name_again[/endowments-and-givings] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name_again[/mup-faculty-awards] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_endpoint_missing_institution_name_again[/mup-r-and-d] -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_mup_sat_scores_endpoint_notfound -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_external_services.py::test_list_given_topic_exception -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_logging.py::test_setup_logger_has_all_handlers -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_institution_topic_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestConfigurationAndErrors::test_search_by_author_institution_no_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestConfigurationAndErrors::test_get_institution_medical_expenses_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestConfigurationAndErrors::test_get_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestConfigurationAndErrors::test_get_institution_num_of_researches_no_data -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_metadata_no_last_known_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_metadata_no_institution_found -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestSearchFunctions::test_get_subfield_results_success_variant -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestInternalFunctions::test_execute_query_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestEndpoints::test_index_serves_html -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::TestEndpoints::test_search_topic_space_endpoint -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_researcher_result_with_last -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_researcher_result_without_last -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_fallback -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_doctorates_and_postdocs_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_researcher_and_subfield_results_processing -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_results_homepage -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_id_empty_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_topic_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_topic_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_institution_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_search_by_author_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_and_researcher_results_graph -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_db_results_path -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_query_sql_endpoint_exception -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_create_connection_failure -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_list_given_institution_topic_multiple_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_institution_researcher_results_sparql_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_institution_researcher_results_database -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_list_given_researcher_topic_multiple_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_sparql_empty_result -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_sparql_branch_empty -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_no_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_faculty_awards_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_no_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institutions_r_and_d_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_mup_id_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_mup_id_no_results -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_sat_scores_no_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_no_institution -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_get_institution_endowments_and_givings_success -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_serve_static_file -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_serve_index_html_empty_path -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_entrypoint_invokes_app_run -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_autofill_topics_filters_matches_case_insensitively -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_database_branch_orcid_none -> passed
backend/tests/unit/test_search.py::test_database_branch_orcid_present -> passed

==== Pytest Exit Status ====
Exit Code: 0
